thank you hey we're back I'm Bret
Barnett with Bret saying and we are
popping petals people not pills paddles
though they are kind of addicting today
we're talking about the 6700 series
pedals the double and the single this is
a professional-grade pedal with the
simplicity of the 5700 series but with a
couple of added key features to it let's
get into it
this is the 67 11s bear with me this is
the long one dual chain double can drive
single bass drum pedal it's got a
stylish new fast touch pedal board
design that's great for players that
love to play barefoot or they like to do
a lot of doubles it's got a dual
surfaced 90 gram weighted beater you can
either play it on the felt side or if
you want a little bit more of a slap
type of a sound flip it around and play
with the hard plastic the beater shaft
has a memory lock so that you can
memorize the height of the beater
attaching this pedal to the hoop is a
very complicated process
just kidding all you do is just tighten
this key screw down this is a really
cool feature you can actually adjust the
pedal board height by loosening the
screw on top of the spring cam assembly
once you loosen it you can adjust the
pedal board to whatever height is
comfortable for you and then lock it
back down so here we have a dual chain
double cam drive assembly double the
pleasure double the fun as a steel
stabilizer Rock plate and as twin
stabilizer Spurs which dig into the
carpet to prevent the pedal from
slipping or their use as a good weapon
against your lead singer the heel has
velcro to grab onto the carpet to
prevent the pedal from moving this is
the 67 11 DB the dual chain double cam
drive double bass drum pedal
it has the nifty fast touch G branded
pedalboards dual surface ninety gram
weighted beater and by dual surface I'm
going to reiterate this again it has a
felt side and a slap you mix Lapras
inside when you flip it around comes
with memory locks for each beater so you
can memorize the height of each one to
adjust pedalboard height on the master
pedal go to the spring cam assembly on
the right side of the master pedal
loosen the key screw and adjust the
height of the pedal board to whatever is
comfortable for you
lock it back down now if you want to
adjust the pedal board height on the
slave pedal loosen the screw on the cam
assembly on the left side of the master
pedal this will free the slave side up
so that you can adjust the pedal board
height and once again here's the hoop
clamp adjustment and we got the same
dual chain double cam drive and the
steel rock plate and we've got the twin
stabilizer Spurs
don't forget the velcro it comes with a
connector arm that connects the slave to
the master pedal with two lengths
adjustments as well as two u joints did
you guys pay attention to that pedal did
you guys pay attention to it it's a
workhorse you can beat the crap out of
it the 6700 pedal is a
professional-grade pedal with very
simplistic features it's a reliable
pedal that will always be there for you
remember to subscribe and leave us a
comment